Fundamental Concepts  - 
Before diving into ARCore, it's helpful to understand a few fundamental concepts. Together, these concepts illustrate how
ARCore enables experiences that can make virtual content appear to rest on real surfaces or be attached to real world locations.

Motion tracking -
As your phone moves through the world, ARCore uses a process called concurrent odometry and mapping, or COM, to understand where 
the phone is relative to the world around it. ARCore detects visually distinct features in the captured camera image called feature 
points and uses these points to compute its change in location. The visual information is combined with inertial measurements from 
the device's IMU to estimate the pose (position and orientation) of the camera relative to the world over time.
By aligning the pose of the virtual camera that renders your 3D content with the pose of the device's camera provided by ARCore,
developers are able to render virtual content from the correct perspective. The rendered virtual image can be overlayed on top of the 
image obtained from the device's camera, making it appear as if the virtual content is part of the real world.

Environmental understanding -
ARCore is constantly improving its understanding of the real world environment by detecting feature points and planes.
ARCore looks for clusters of feature points that appear to lie on common horizontal or vertical surfaces, like tables or walls, 
and makes these surfaces available to your app as planes. ARCore can also determine each plane's boundary and make that information 
available to your app. You can use this information to place virtual objects resting on flat surfaces.
Because ARCore uses feature points to detect planes, flat surfaces without texture, such as a white wall, may not be detected properly.

Light estimation -
ARCore can detect information about the lighting of its environment and provide you with the average intensity and color correction of 
a given camera image. This information lets you light your virtual objects under the same conditions as the environment around them,
increasing the sense of realism.

User interaction -
ARCore uses hit testing to take an (x,y) coordinate corresponding to the phone's screen (provided by a tap or whatever other interaction
you want your app to support) and projects a ray into the camera's view of the world, returning any planes or feature points that the 
ray intersects, along with the pose of that intersection in world space. This allows users to select or otherwise interact with objects
in the environment.

Oriented Points -
Oriented points lets you place virtual objects on angled surfaces. When you perform a hit test that returns a feature point, ARCore will 
look at nearby feature points and use those to attempt to estimate the angle of the surface at the given feature point. ARCore will 
then return a pose that takes that angle into account.Because ARCore uses clusters of feature points to detect the surface's angle, 
surfaces without texture, such as a white wall, may not be detected properly.

Anchors and Trackables  -
Poses can change as ARCore improves its understanding of its own position and its environment. When you want to place a virtual object,
you need to define an anchor to ensure that ARCore tracks the object's position over time. Often times you create an anchor based on the pose returned by a hit test, as described in user interaction.
The fact that poses can change means that ARCore may update the position of environmental objects like planes and feature points over 
time. Planes and points are a special type of object called a trackable. Like the name suggests, these are objects that ARCore will 
track over time. You can anchor virtual objects to specific trackables to ensure that the relationship between your virtual object
and the trackable remains stable even as the device moves around. This means that if you place a virtual Android figurine on your desk, 
if ARCore later adjusts the pose of the plane associated with the desk, the Android figurine will still appear to stay on top of the
table.
Note: To reduce CPU costs, reuse anchors when possible and detach anchors that you no longer need.

Augmented Images  -
Augmented Images allows you to build AR apps that can respond to specific 2D images such as product packaging or movie posters. Users 
can trigger AR experiences when they point their phone's camera at specific images - for instance, they could point their phone's 
camera at a movie poster and have a character pop out and enact a scene.
Images can be compiled offline to create an image database, or individual images can be added in real time from the device. Once
registered, ARCore will detect these images, the images boundaries, and return a corresponding pose.
