
Quickstart for Android


Set up your development environment  -
Install Android Studio version 3.1 or higher with Android SDK Platform version 7.0 (API level 24) or higher.
You will need a basic understanding of Android development. If you are new to Android, see Building your first Android app for beginners.

Open the sample project  -
This quickstart uses Sceneform, a 3D framework for that makes it easy for Java developers to build ARCore apps without OpenGL. 
To use ARCore in your app without Sceneform, review the Enable ARCore documentation.
To continue with Sceneform, get the sample projects. You can either:

Download and extract the Sceneform Samples
-or-
Clone the repository with the following command:

git clone https://github.com/google-ar/sceneform-android-sdk.git
In Android Studio, open the Hello Sceneform sample project, located in the sceneform-android-sdk/ directory.

Prepare your device or emulator  -
You can run AR apps on a supported device or in the Android Emulator:

In the emulator, you must sign into the Play Store or update ARCore manually.
There are additional requirements to run Sceneform apps in the emulator:
You need Android Emulator version 27.2.9 or later.
OpenGL ES 3.0 or higher must be supported and enabled in the Android Emulator.
Make sure your emulator is configured to use the latest version. In the Extended controls panel (More on the Toolbar), 
select Settings > Advanced > OpenGL ES API level > Renderer maximum (up to OpenGL ES 3.1), and then restart the emulator.
Run the emulator, briefly interact with the emulated deivce, then check whether OpenGL ES 3.0 or higher is being used:
adb logcat | grep eglMakeCurrent
If you see ver 3 0 or higher version, then you can run Sceneform apps. If you see a lower version, then your desktop GPU does not
support OpenGL ES 3.0 and you must use a supported device to run Sceneform apps.

Run the sample -
Make sure your Android device is connected to the development machine and click Run  in Android Studio. Then, choose your device as
the deployment target and click OK.

Android Studio builds your project into a debuggable APK, installs the APK, and then runs the app on your device. For more information, 
see Build and Run Your App.You may be prompted to install or update the ARCore app if it is missing or out of date. Select CONTINUE to 
install it from Google Play Store.The Hello Sceneform app lets you place and manipulate Android figurines on flat surfaces.

Add Sceneform to an existing project -
To use Sceneform in an existing project:
Follow the steps to Enable ARCore in your app
Add the Sceneform library to your app's build.gradle file:

android {
    // Sceneform libraries use language constructs from Java 8.
    // Add these compile options if targeting minSdkVersion < 26.
    compileOptions {
        sourceCompatibility 1.8
        targetCompatibility 1.8
    }
}

dependencies {
    …

    // Provides ArFragment, and other UX resources.
    implementation 'com.google.ar.sceneform.ux:sceneform-ux:1.6.0'

    // Alternatively, use ArSceneView without the UX dependency.
    implementation 'com.google.ar.sceneform:core:1.6.0'
}
